Add new E2E tests Shopper / WC Blocks / Checkout with normal and SCA cards (#2826)
Automattic/woocommerce-payments: tests/e2e/README.md

For local setup:

1. Create file `local.env` in the `tests/e2e/config` folder with required values.

>     * If you have access to the Subscriptions plugin, please follow the instructions from `tests/e2e/specs/README.md` before running the setup. Make sure to include also Action Scheduler & WooCommerce Blocks plugins from the same document aswell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If you have access to the Subscriptions plugin, please follow the instructions from `tests/e2e/specs/README.md` before running the setup. Make sure to include also Action Scheduler & WooCommerce Blocks plugins from the same document as well.
```

Reviewer: nitpick :)

Author: What it means `nitpick`? :) @oaratovskyi

Reviewer: Ah, it means that `a change is small and may not be very important, but is technically correct.` 😅

I've found a couple of good links about that
https://stackoverflow.com/a/27810540
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nitpicking

Author: Aha, good. Thanks for sharing these links :)

So, looks like this is ready to be merged. I'll merge after the checks. Did changes that you've mentioned.

Reviewer: thanks, @veljkho for addressing those 👍
